feat(config): Implement 2-layer configuration system (#114)
inference-gateway/cli: README.md

## Configuration

The CLI supports a **2-layer configuration system** that allows for both user-level and project-level
configuration with proper precedence handling.

### Configuration Layers

1. **Userspace Configuration** (`~/.infer/config.yaml`)
   - Global configuration for the user across all projects
   - Used as a fallback when no project-level configuration exists
   - Can be created with: `infer init --userspace` or `infer config init --userspace`

2. **Project Configuration** (`.infer/config.yaml` in current directory)
   - Project-specific configuration that takes precedence over userspace config
   - Default location for most commands
   - Can be created with: `infer init` or `infer config init`

### Configuration Precedence

Configuration values are merged with the following precedence (highest to lowest):

1. **Project-level config** (`.infer/config.yaml`) - **Highest Priority**
2. **Userspace config** (`~/.infer/config.yaml`)
3. **Built-in defaults** - **Lowest Priority**

**Example**: If your userspace config sets `agent.model: "gpt-4"` and your project config sets

> `agent.model: "claude-3"`, the project config wins and `claude-3` will be used. However, if the project

Author: ```suggestion
`agent.model: "deepseek/deepseek-chat"`, the project config wins and `deepseek/deepseek-chat` will be used. However, if the project
```
